The best way to resist a monolithic institution or corporation is not with a monolithic movement but with multiplicity itself.

"Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced," said James Baldwin. Hope gets you there; work gets you through.


"We live in capitalism. Its power seems inescapable. So did the diving right of kings. Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings." Ursula K LeGuin

"Todo para todos, nada para nosotros," is one of their maxims—"Everything for everyone, nothing for ourselves."

...there is a backlash, backlashes for all their viciousness cannot turn back the clock or put the genie back in his lamp.

The government and the media routinely discount the effect of activists, but there's no reason we should believe them or let them tally our victories for us.

The old certainties are crumbling fast, but danger and possibility are sisters.

*Hope is not prognostication. It is an orientation of the spirit, an orientation of the heart; it transcends the world that is immediately experienced, and is anchored somewhere beyond its horizons. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously headed for early success, but, rather, an ability to work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.

The sleeping giant is one name for the public; when it wakes up, when *we* wake up, we are no longer only the public: we are civil society, the superpower whose nonviolent means are sometimes, for a shining moment, more powerful than violence, more powerful than regimes and armies. We write history with our feet and with our presence and our collective voice and vision. And yet, and of course, everything in the mainstream media suggests that popular resistance is ridiculous, pointless, or criminal, unless it is far away, was long ago, or ideally, both. These are the forces that prefer the giant remain asleep.

To be antidoctrinal is to open yourself up to new and unexpected alliances, to new networks of power. It's to reject the static utopia in favor of the improvisational journey.

Activism is not a journey to the corner store, it is a plunge into the unknown. The future is always dark.

A march is when bodies speak by walking, when private citizens become that mystery the public, when traversing the boulevards of cities becomes a way to travel toward political goals.

And he won, despite the opposition of most of the people in the world, despite the polls, despite the fact that a majority of US voters did not choose him.

We don't know what is going to happen, or how, or when, and that very uncertainty is the space of hope.

Hope is only a beginning; it's not a substitute for action, only a basis for it.

A disaster is a lot like a revolution when it comes to disruption and improvisation, to new roles and an unnerving or exhilarating sense that now anything is possible.
